DOC Document excluding and filtering by another list's results (#789)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/00_Model/01_Data_Model_and_ORM.md

]);
```

> ### `filterByList` and `excludeByList`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `filterByList()` and `excludeByList()`
```

Reviewer 2: I explicitly kept those off to match the other headings in this page. Happy to add them to _all_ method-name headings in this page though if you prefer.

Reviewer: Yeah makes sense to add to all the headings

Reviewer 2: Done

> You can exclude entries or include only entries in a [`DataList`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataList) based on the results of another list a by passing the other list to `excludeByList()` or `filterByList()` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter or exclude entries in a [`DataList`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataList) based on the contents of another list passed in to `filterByList()` or `excludeByList()` respectively.
```
Having filter first and exclude second is probably how most people think about this pair of methods

You can also do it in an EagerLoadedList ... not sure if mentioning that here would just be confusing though

Reviewer 2: Done.
I don't think it will be helpful to mention `EagerLoadedList` here.

There is a bit in the eagerloading docs that says:
> `EagerLoadedList` has common methods such as `filter()`, `sort()`, `limit()` and `reverse()` available to manipulate its data, as well as some methods you'd expect on the various relation list implementations such as `getExtraData()`

"some methods you'd expect" is _probably_ good enough but if you like I can make it a little more explicit. I don't want to mention _all_ the methods by name though.

```php
$sam = Player::get()->filter('FirstName', 'Sam');

> $noSams = Player::get()->excludeByList($sam);
> $onlySams = Player::get()->filterByList($sam);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$onlySams = Player::get()->filterByList($sam);
$noSams = Player::get()->excludeByList($sam);
```

Reviewer 2: Done

// ... Finding all members that do not belong to $group.
use SilverStripe\Security\Member;
// Assuming we have some `Group` $group:
$otherMembers = Member::get()->excludeByList($group->Members());
```

> Both of these methods allow you to pass filter by specific fields as well, rather than just the default ID field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these methods allow you to specify which fields are used for comparison checks, rather than just the default ID field.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

```php
use SilverStripe\Security\Member;

// Find Member records that have the same "Surname" value as players "LastName" values.
Member::get()->filterByList(Player::get(), 'Surname', 'LastName');

> // Only get Member records where there is no match with player last names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only get Member records where "Surname" does match any players "LastName"
```

Reviewer 2: Done
